OMDev (Orion Created a Tool Called OrionDev and Mike Copied the Idea...Developer)
	OMDev is a free, opensource, and 2D (soon to be 3D) graphics platform for use with C++.
	It is currently packaged with a Java based text editor called JEdit for ease of use.

	The goal of OMDev is to package easy to use C++ libraries for 2D Graphics, networking, and serial communication to create
	games or simulations.  Another goal is to make programming easy for middle school/high school students to use.

THERE ARE SOME DEPENDENCIES!!!
	All Systems Dependencies:
		You must have a Java Runtime Environment installed (JRE) to run JEdit.

	Linux Dependencies:
		You must have GCC, libfreetype, libx11, and xmessage installed.
		GCC is painless to compile from source, but usually there is a package manager you can use.
		The library libfreetype is included on most Linux distributions.
		The library libx11 comes natively on most Linux distributions.
		The messaging program xmessage comes with the X windowing system...so if you have a GUI your set...

		Examples:
			Ubuntu - sudo apt-get install gcc libx11-dev
			Fedora - sudo yum install gcc-c++ libx11-devel

	Mac Dependencies:
		Go to http://developer.apple.com/downloads/ and install the "Command Line Tools for Xcode".
		You need to create an account and login before going to the link above.
		You will also need libfreetype, this is included on most Mac installations.

	Windows Dependencies:
		None, GCC has been prepackaged for you...because it really, really, really complicated to do...

IMPORTANT!!!
	After you have installed the dependencies startup your OS's shortcut in the OMDev directory.
		If you're running Linux, start linux.sh.
		If you're running Mac, start mac.sh.
		If you're running Windows, start windows.bat.

	To compile and run your code hit F5.
		Pressing F5 will save your code.
		Pressing F5 will compile your code.
		Pressing F5 will tell you any errors in your code.
		Pressing F5 will run the program if not errors are found in your code.

IF YOU GET UNDEFINED REFERENCES!!!
	When OMDev starts up it does some precompiling stuff in the background.
	Depending on your computer this can take up to a minute.
	This only needs to be done once at startup, so instead of making the program wait we just do it in the background.
	If waiting a minute doesn't fix these, EMAIL ME!

CONTACT ME WITH ANY QUESTIONS!!!
	Mike Moss (mrmoss@alaska.edu)